1) As the system, I want the names of all games to be displayed at the beginning so that a player
may enter their selection.

2) As a player, I want to select a game so that I can play it.

3) As a player or group of players, I want to input how many players are playing the game so that
the right number of players are playing the game.

4) As the system, I want to limit the number of players for Go Fish to be 2 to 5 so that there are
enough cards for each player.

5) As the system, I want to limit the number of players for BlackJack to be 1 to 7 so that there are
enough cards for each player.

6) As the system, I want to limit the number of players for Craps to be 1 to 8 so that there are not
too many people at one table waiting for their turn.

7) As a player, I want to input my name so that my name is displayed during the game.

8) As a player, I want to take turns in order of the names inputted so that the game is fair.

9) As the system, I want to set the number of cards dealt based on the number of players so that
there are enough cards for each player.

10) As a Go Fish player, I want to play a full game that ends with a winner displayed so that I can
win a game.

11) As a Go Fish player, I want to see my hand of cards so that I can make a decision on which value of
card to ask for.

12) As a Go Fish player, I want to see how many cards the other players have so that I can make a
decision on which player to ask for cards from.

13) As a Go Fish player, I want to ask another player for cards of a rank that I have and receive any
cards of that rank that they have so that I can potentially make four of a kind.

14) As a Go Fish player, I want to play the books (four of a kind) I have in my hand, so that my hand
will only have the cards of the ranks I still need.

15) As a Go Fish player, I want to draw a card from the stock pile if the player I ask does not have
the cards I ask for so that I follow the rules of the game.

16) As a Go Fish player, I want to draw a card from the stock pile if I do not have any cards in my
hand so that I follow the rules of the game.

17) As the system, I want the stock pile to stay empty when it is empty and inform players that there
are no cards left when they try to draw, so that only the cards from the original 52-card deck
are in play.

18) As a Go Fish player, I want all books that have been played to be displayed at the end of the game
so that I can see who has which books.

19) As a Go Fish player, I want the winner to be displayed after the books are displayed so that
somebody is the winner of the game.

20) As the system, I want to set the point values for each rank of card so that I can calculate the
score of each player at the end of the game.

21) As a player of any gambling type of game, I want to give the game the money I have in chips so
that I can make bets.

22) As a player of any gambling type of game, I want to make bets at the beginning of each round
so that I may win or lose each round.

23) As a player of any gambling type of game, I want to receive double my bet if I win and lose my
bet if I lose, so that the bets reset after each round.

24) As a player of any gambling type of game, I want to be able to cash out at the end of each round
if I don't want to play anymore, so that the game will continue without me.

25) As the system, I want the gambling games to play a new round as long as there is at least one
player who has not cashed out or lost all their money so that the players who have money get
to keep playing.

26) As a BlackJack player I want to see my hand of cards so that I can make a decision of whether
to hit or stay.

27) As a BlackJack player I want to be able to hit if my score is less than 21 so that I can
possibly get a score closer to 21.

28) As a BlackJack player I want to lose my bet if I bust over 21, so that the game is fair.

29) As a BlackJack dealer I want to display one face up card of mine while the players are making
bets and hitting/staying until they are finished so that everyone has the same information.

30) As a BlackJack dealer I want to hit after all players are finished their turns and continue to
hit until my score is a hard 17 or higher.

31) As the system, I want the BlackJack cards used in the previous round to go in the discard pile,
and deal the next round from the stock pile.

32) As the system, I want the BlackJack discard pile to be shuffled and put back in the stock if the
stock is empty.

33) As a Craps player, I want to make a bet on pass or don't pass if it is my turn to roll so that
I may win or lose that round.

34) As a Craps player, I want to be able to make a bet on pass or don't pass if it is not my turn
to roll so that I may win or lose that round.

35) As a Craps player, I want to be able to skip betting if it is not my turn to roll so that I
do not win or lose that round.

36) As a Craps player, I want to win my pass bet and lose my don't pass bet if the come out roll is
a 7 or 11 so that I follow the rules of the game.

37) As a Craps player, I want to lose my pass bet and win my don't pass bet if the come out roll is
a 2, 3, or 12 so that I follow the rules of the game.

38) As a Craps player, I want to win my pass bet and lose my don't pass bet if the come out roll is
a 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, or 11, and that number is rolled again before a 7 so that I follow the
rules of the game.

39) As a Craps player, I want to lose my pass bet and win my don't pass bet if the come out roll is
a 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, or 11, and a 7 is rolled before that number is rolled again so that I
follow the rules of the game.